Before I delete that let's actually check where we can see this if we are a different user.
And for that let's go to the off service and change our user I.D. to X by set again.
And then the app should now reload and we shouldn't see that booking here hopefully.
Yeah that looks good because it's not a booking by the user and therefore we should not be able to see
it or interact with it.
So let me change this back so that we can see it because now I am the user who created it.
There it is.
Great.
Now of course you can also tweak what you see here on the bookings page.
Right now we have a relatively boring item with our eye and label here.
Of course we could add an an avatar here in our starts a lot of the item and then use an image where
we bind the source here to the booking place.
Image Data something you could also do but that of course is totally not related to deleting the booking
still.
It is something I want to do here.
Looks a bit nicer but now let's make sure that when a swipe does an attempt is we actually don't just
cancel the booking here which has no effect on the server as you see when I reload but that we do cancel
it on the server as well for that back in the booking service.
We have our canceled booking method here and the goal here now is to really delete the booking on the
server and deleting something we haven't done thus far on firebase so here I want to send an HBP request
and also a delete request now and I want to target a specific booking.
So of course our A you are L generally.
Is this your URL but I will already use back tix here so that I can dynamically inject data into this
string because I will not send the request this you URL but instead I'll add a new segment which should
of course be the booking idea of the specific booking I want to get rid of this now is you are l the
delete request should be sent to so that this data under this URL is deleted.
Now here I will return this so that we can wait for this to complete.
But of course I also want to update my bookings to basically Mark that this has been deleted Hensel
pipe some operators in there at the first one is to switch map operator to do nothing with the response
of this delete request because I don't really care.
But to then return my bookings so this booking scatter which gives me my current list of bookings locally
not on the server but locally.
Now here we can be in a scenario where this is an empty array and we tried to remove an element from
it that's not in there because we interact with our bookings here from inside the list.
So if we got the list we can delete them and we can't delete tonight and without having the list.
So here this should be safe and should always give us a list.
And therefore in my next operator here which is the tab operator I will get my bookings list and I will
do the same as I did before I will emit a new list of bookings where I filter out the one which I want
to delete.
And now this will update the bookings not just on the server which is what we do with the delete request
but also locally which of course is also required so loud with that it should actually already work
if I save this and we wait for it is to reload we should be able to swipe this and click the trash bin
and it's canceling and now here we got a problem though.
And do you know what it is.
It's a maximum call stack size exceeded error which means we probably created some infinite loop and
I did a return my bookings here.
And what is bookings.
It of course is my behavior a subject in the end.
So I subscribe to my subject and then I essentially admit a new event here with next and the debt of
course triggers my subject and they offer I created an infinite loop.
The trick of course is to take one as we always should do here to just take one snapshot.
And now with that it should reload here.
And of course I have no booking now because it was deleted before I entered this infinite loop.
So let's quickly add a booking here
let's maybe add to bookings so that we can really be sure that we delete the right one.
Maximilian Schwartz Miller with one guest.
Some traveling alone.
And now let's go to bookings and we should see to booking stare.
And now let's delete the one with one guest and this looks good.
And now over reload this page we should all do still only see the one which we didn't delete and on
firebase as well of course.
And now if I delete that as well.
Well then we have no bookings obviously.
So this is how we can delete the bookings and this all the works quite nice.